Improvements to install page (#1721)
Qiskit/documentation: docs/guides/install-qiskit.mdx

<Admonition type="caution" title="Upgrade from Qiskit 0.x to Qiskit 1.0 and beyond">
  (If you are installing Qiskit for the first time, skip ahead to the [Install and set up](#local) section. This notice is relevant only to users who have installed Qiskit previously.)

>   **For those upgrading from version 0.x to 1.0 or later**: note that because Qiskit 1.0 uses a new packaging structure, you **cannot** use `pip install -U qiskit` to upgrade from any Qiskit 0.x version to 1.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  **For those upgrading from version 0.x to 1.0 or later**: note that because Qiskit v1.0 uses a new packaging structure, you **cannot** use `pip install -U qiskit` to upgrade from any Qiskit 0.x version to 1.0.
```

  See the [Qiskit 1.0 migration guide](/api/migration-guides/qiskit-1.0) for details and instructions.

>   Future updates starting with Qiskit 1.0 will allow for in-place upgrades.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Future updates starting with Qiskit v1.0 will allow for in-place upgrades.
```

Reviewer: The newest guidance has us using a `v` after Qiskit and before the version number. (Unfortunately this means the name of the migration guide doesn't match)

Author: Got it - thanks!

1. Install Python. Check the "Programming Language" section on the [Qiskit PyPI project page](https://pypi.org/project/qiskit/) to determine which Python versions are supported by the most recent release. For download instructions, see the [Python Beginners Guide.](https://wiki.python.org/moin/BeginnersGuide/Download)

    It is recommended that you use [Python virtual environments](https://docs.python.org/3.10/tutorial/venv.html) to separate Qiskit from other applications.

    <Admonition type = "note">

>     These instructions use Python installed directly from pypi.org. However, you can use other Python environments, such as [Anaconda](https://docs.anaconda.com/anaconda/) or [miniconda](https://docs.anaconda.com/miniconda/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    These instructions use the standard Python distribution from pypi.org. However, you can use other Python distributions, such as [Anaconda](https://docs.anaconda.com/anaconda/) or [miniconda](https://docs.anaconda.com/miniconda/), along with other dependency management workflows like [Poetry](https://python-poetry.org/docs/).
```

>     These instructions use the standard Python distribution from pypi.org. However, you can use other Python distributions, such as [Anaconda](https://docs.anaconda.com/anaconda/) or [miniconda](https://docs.anaconda.com/miniconda/), along with other dependency management workflows like [Poetry](https://python-poetry.org/docs/).

Reviewer: Not sure if it's useful but should we hyperlink pypi.org?

Author: sure

           </TabItem>
         </OperatingSystemTabs>

> 1. [Install pip](https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/installation/) if you don't use a Python environment. Pip is a Python package manager that you use to install Qiskit and other Python packages. Use `pip list` to see what is in your virtual environment. If you use a Python environment, it's already installed in the environment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. [Install pip](https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/installation/) if it's not already installed in your environment. Pip is a Python package manager that you use to install Qiskit and other Python packages. Use `pip list` to see what is in your virtual environment. In most Python environments, pip is already installed in the environment.
```

> 1. [Install pip](https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/installation/) if you don't use a Python environment. Pip is a Python package manager that you use to install Qiskit and other Python packages. Use `pip list` to see what is in your virtual environment. If you use a Python environment, pip is already installed in the environment.

Reviewer 2: This is not always true. There are times where you're using normal Python rather than Anaconda etc, and pip still isn't installed. We need to hedge more.

```suggestion
1. [Install pip](https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/installation/) if you don't use a Python environment. Pip is a Python package manager that you use to install Qiskit and other Python packages. Use `pip list` to see what is in your virtual environment. If you use a Python environment, pip is usually already installed in the environment.
```

If you are planning to work locally and use simulators built into Qiskit, then your installation is done. If you want to run jobs on IBM Quantum systems, next [select an access channel](setup-channel) and finish your setup.

<Admonition type="note" title="Stay current with the latest versions">

>     Periodically check the [Qiskit release notes](../api/qiskit/release-notes) and the [Qiskit Runtime release notes](../api/qiskit-ibm-runtime/release-notes) to see new releases, then run `pip install --upgrade <package-name>` when a new version is released. We recommend frequently updating your requirements for `qiskit` and `qiskit-ibm-runtime` by, for example, changing the versions in `requirements.txt` to the latest versions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Periodically check the [Qiskit release notes](../api/qiskit/release-notes) and the [Qiskit Runtime release notes](../api/qiskit-ibm-runtime/release-notes) to see new releases. We recommend frequently updating your requirements for `qiskit` and `qiskit-ibm-runtime` by, for example, changing the versions in `requirements.txt` to the latest versions, then running `pip install -r requirements.txt` or the appropriate command for your dependency management workflow.
```

>     Periodically check the [Qiskit release notes](../api/qiskit/release-notes) and the [Qiskit Runtime release notes](../api/qiskit-ibm-runtime/release-notes) to see new releases, then run `pip install --upgrade <package-name>` to upgrade to thew new version. We recommend frequently updating your requirements for `qiskit` and `qiskit-ibm-runtime` by, for example, changing the versions in `requirements.txt` to the latest versions.

Reviewer 2: This is not a safe way to upgrade. It won't change the requirements.txt file that everyone else in your project consumes. Real projects should not be upgrading with `pip install --upgrade`.

Author: But what about people who are just using their own environment, like when I need to update my own environment?  Do we not expect that to happen?

Author: I'll go ahead and make the change.
